---
layout: post
title: About
---
Welcome! This is my (safe) space. I write about virtually anything under the sun, sometime beyond the sun, literally. In my past life, writing is a big part of my work. I have since moved on to a line of work where I am not required to write so often, resulting in an unquenched desire to vent. A little bit about me: before I became a cog in the machine that is knowns as the financial industry, I was trained as a physicist (where people are forced to refer to me as a doctor), the theoretical kind. My expertise was in quantum information sciences, with sparkles of spectroscopy simulation and high-performance computing. I have had multiple other part-time gigs in the past, all of which are teaching, from elementary school kids all the way up to college. And if you haven't noticed it yet, yes, I am not a native English speaker. So I ask for mercy when you scrutinize my over-the-top style of writing in this foreign language as there is an extra layer of transmission between my thought and my words. I am now based in the great country of USA, if this piece of information is of great importance to you. Last but certainly not the least, you're reading texts generated by a carbon-based life, i.e. me, a human, instead of a program, say a large language model. There's no hatred from my end towards language models, as a matter of fact, I use them quite extensively for all kinds of tasks. It's just that I want to clarify to the handful people who come across this corner of the internet that they're reading organic texts. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                - Logan Feb 2025
